NOTE:

Thank you for playing this game!

CONTEXT:

This game was made for my 2023/2023 MYP personal project, although I original came up with a similar concept for a game
like this a while ago.

STORY:

On a warm, spring afternoon, the sun lazily shines through a thick forest of trees into a small grassy meadow.
In this meadow lies a sallow rocky stream, with water quietly running through rock and dirt.
Across from the stream lies some farm plots, and a small, quaint wooden hut, with five windows, one door, and a nice straw roof.
Within the hut lies a small creature, with a very long beard, drinking away at a tiny little table.
Apart from the chirping of birds, faint wind, and rushing water, everything is very quiet.
It stays this way funds like a sort of loud, messy, chewing.
Soon this unpleasant sound increases in volume, making its presence known to the figure in the hut.
From the front window of the hut, the figure peers at the disgusting, decaying, horrid creature currently feasting on his crops.
The figure then closes the window and backs away.
The disgusting creature, a darkish green, decaying, crippled goblin soaked in sweat and blood, ingests a small parcel of food.
It then starts to choke before spitting the crop back out.
Soon, it fiendishly looks upon a saliva-covered, chewed-up, parsnip that now lay on the floor.
It grumbles for a bit, and, just as it turns back upon its feast, it hears a loud battle cry.
The figure, a dwarven farmer known as Dumok, sprints off to the goblin and, with one stab to the heart, kills it.
Dumok then looks upon his farm, most of the crops destroyed by the fiend.
He then lets out a cry of anguish before poking the now-deceased, goblin with his sword.
Soon the angered or a bit until a new, faint, but suspicious noise arises from the unknown.
It soand defeated dwarf starts prancing around his farm from side to side, formulating his next course of action in his head.
This had not been an isolated incident. About every week some wretched thing would come and ruin a portion of his harvest.
Soon, Dumok came up with a plan, an operation of righteous bloodshed, he would kill the elusive Dwarfenstien.
Many eons ago, when gods still roamed the world, an evil demon known as Dwarfenstien brought darkness upon the world.
However, this demon soon faced resistance, as an alliance of elves and humans, with the help of the gods, soon defeated Dwarfenstien, sealing his soul in a forgotten temple.
However, just a couple of centuries ago, a corrupt elvin king, seeking Dwarfenstien’s power, unleashed the demon upon the world once more.
Now, the reborn Dwarfenstien put forth his full wrath on the world.
However, now, without opposition from the gods, who had departed the world for reasons not known, Dwarfenstien faced no opposition.
Soon, Dwarfenstien wiped out all of the humans and elves out of spite and fear from his previous defeat.
However, being a dwarf himself, Dwarfenstien decided against wiping out the dwarves.
Now, Dumok, knowing that Dwarfenstien’s reign is what allowed the goblins, demons, and witches to thrive, sought the death of Dwarfenstien.
After this conclusion, Dumok immediately starts arming himself for his grand quest.
A quest, not for glory, not for justice, not for god, not for peace nor just for the sake of violence, but so he can get back to farming without interruption...

INSTRUCTIONS:

This game is an FPS rougelike. When you enter one of the levels, you must find the exit portal which will always be
located at the southern end of the map. You have a compass to use as reference. After every five levels, you will enter
a new stage. There are three stages plus a final boss level, so the game has 16 levels. On each of the levels (well, except
the final one) you may find one of the four total weapons the game has. Make sure you get them, as you will need them for
the final boss.

This game has a few items. You have turkey dinners, which give you health, potions, which give you ammo for your
currently selected weapon, and treasure chests, which increase your score. Notably, your score will increase with every enemy you kill.

There are also walls you can interact with. There is one that gives health, one that gives ammo, and two that allow you to trade
your health and ammo with each other. Notably, these walls have a one time use. Additionally, there are doors, which you can
open, although they may not always look like doors so be attentive.

CONTROLS:

WASD ---> Movement

Left Click ---> Shoot

Space ---> Interact with wall or door

1 ---> Select first weapon in inventory.
2 ---> Select second weapon in inventory.
3 ---> Select third weapon in inventory.
4 ---> Select fourth weapon in inventory.

CREDITS:

This game was created by future world emperor [Doominator 726]

Raycasting and some other code made using the YouTuber Coder Space's Doom tutorial @ "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ECqUrT7IdqQ."
Floorcasting code based on the YouTuber FinFet's tutorial @ "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Yj5mmKWukw."

Art created using the following website: "https://www.piskelapp.com"

Sound effects generating using the following website: "https://sfxr.me"
Music (royalty free) downloaded on Pixabay from the following authors:

-"Diff_Style".
-"free-to-use-audio".
-"nojisuma".
-"BrentinDavis".